VEOS:README 
v2.0
Date:13-Dec-2018

- CAUTIONS

  (1)Unauthorized reproduction of the contents of this document, in part or in
     its entirety, is prohibited.
  (2)The contents of this document may change without prior notice.
  (3)Every effort has been made to ensure the completeness of this document.
     However, if you have any concerns, or discover errors or omissions, please
     contact your retailer.
  (4)NEC assumes no liability for any loss, including loss of earnings, arising
     from the use of this SW, irrespective of (3) above.
  (5)This SW is not intended for use in medical, nuclear, aerospace, mass
     transit or other applications where human life may be at stake or high
     reliability is required, nor is it intended for use in controlling such
     applications. We disclaim liability for any personal injury and property
     damages caused by such use of this SW.

- Supported Platforms and Operating Systems

  Operating System         Platform
  RHEL7.3                  x86_64
  RHEL7.4                  x86_64
  RHEL7.5                  x86_64

- VEOS doesn't support Linux suspend and resume. Please do not suspend and
  resume your Linux/x86 machine where VEs are installed. When you suspend and
  resume the Linux/x86 machine, Linux will be down in the worst case, such
  as kernel panic etc. This causes your important data loss.

- VEOS doesn't support Linux which works on any virtual machine, such as QEMU
  etc. VEOS can work correctly only on Linux which works directly on the
  physical machine.

- Please do not apply excessive loads on your Linux/x86 machine to make VEOS to
  be able to provide OS functionality steadily. Excessive loads on Linux/x86
  machine may cause unexpected performance degrades on VEOS such as long
  response time.

- Glibc 2.21 version doesn't set the appropriate permissions or mode to a hard 
  link file created using "linkat" api when its target(oldpath) is a symbolic 
  link file descriptor returned while opening a file using "openat" API with 
  flags combination "O_TMPFILE | O_RDWR" and the required mode.
  Please set the permissions manually to the link file through "chmod" API.

- sched_setaffinity(2) system call and "taskset" command is not supported for 
  VEOS v2.0.1. In multithreaded application if a task is having more than two 
  threads and user application tries to change the CPU affinity of thread by 
  using sched_setaffinity(2) or "taskset" command may leads to segmentation 
  fault and abnormal termination of VE task.

